Q. What is an embedded system?
- A subsystem integrated into a larger overall 	system that interacts directly with the
environment via sensors and actuators. In addition, embedded systems often have
application‐specific hardware. In the case of embedded systems, non‐functional
requirements such as real‐time capability, reliability are important.

Q. D/A 
Q. fuzzy control
Q. Why do we need a S&H amplifier.
- Holds input values for a certain time. Used here as a deglitcher, so that we can get ¨
only the result of the input change at the output. Generates a staircase shaped
output.
	 - And what does the lowpass do with the signal?
	Smoothes the staircase function back to the original signal. ¨
	
Q. 1. what is an embedded system (see book/script)?
2. what are the properties of such a system(script and best with an example like a drone)?
like a drone)
*What is an embedded system?
‐An information processing system that is part of a larger system.
*What are its characteristics?
‐Size, power consumption, memory, processing power, real‐time capability, ...
*What is real time and what distinction did we have there?
‐Ober bound on the time to process a task. Hard & soft real time, with soft a too late result is still usable
with cutbacks, with hard it is useless.

*Describe PWM and parallel converter in more detail.
‐PWM switches quickly between on and off, the on phase takes longer the larger the number being
converted. Parallel converter puts a reference voltage through weighted resistors and adds.
*For parallel converter: what is the op‐amp doing there?
‐It's an adder, it adds the voltages that drop across the resistors.


‐ Draw a control loop (DIN xy) and explain it.
‐ what is the difference between control and regulation: he wanted to point out that a model of the
line is needed for the control.
‐ How do we calculate what happens in each step?
‐> differential equations + Laplace transformation
‐ Why Laplace transform, what does it do?
‐ Now we have everything that happens in the individual steps; how do we now bring it all together?
‐> in series: multiplication (because we are in the frequency domain, otherwise it would be
convolution)


Why this? What can this Laplace transformation do? What does it do?
Transfers from the time domain to the freq domain, simplifies calculations, convolution
becomes multiplication, derivatives become fractions, one can determine stability, etc.


Q: What is the difference to the Fourier transform?
A: LaPlace is more general, extension by damping factor e^‐at. Fourier requires absolute integrability of
the time function, which we have
but LaPlace is more general.
Q: What is the use of bringing signals into the LaPlace domain?
A: Convolution becomes multiplication, wanted to paint block diagram to series circuit and explain at it.
He then wanted to use the formula for
the feedback in the block diagram, simply named.


Now we have a finished analog signal. Why do we need a S&H amplifier.
Holds input values for a certain time. Used here as a deglitcher, so that we can get ¨
only the result of the input change at the output. Generates a staircase shaped
output.
‐ And what does the lowpass do with the signal?
Smoothes the staircase function back to the original signal. ¨
‐ Then draw the circuit and explain how the behavior comes about.

Q: What is the difference to the Fourier transform?
A: LaPlace is more general, extension by damping factor e^‐at. Fourier requires absolute integrability of
the time function, which we have
but LaPlace is more general.